Product group handbook: speed up community PRs (#31467)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/engineering/README.md

### Review a community pull request

If you're assigned a community pull request (PR) for review, it is important to keep things moving for the contributor. The goal is to not go more than one business day without following up with the contributor. This applies to PRs from Fleeties, open source contributors, member of the Customer Success team, etc.

If the PR is a quick fix (i.e. typo) or obvious technical improvement that doesn't change the product, it can be merged.

**For PRs that change the product:**

- Assign the PR to the appropriate product group Product Designer (PD).
- Notify the relevant PD in the #g-mdm, #g-software, or #g-orchestration Slack channel.

The PD will be the contact point for the contributor and will ensure the PR is reviewed by the appropriate team member when ready. The PD should:

- Set the PR to draft.
- Immediately decide whether to prioritize a user story and bring it through drafting or put the change to the side (not prioritize).

> - Thank the contributor for their hard work, notify them on whether their change was prioritized or put to the side. If the change was put to the side, ask the contributor to file a [feature request](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/new?assignees=&labels=%3Aproduct&projects=&template=feature-request.md&title=) that describe the change their PR is introducing, let them know that it only means the change has been rejected _at that time_, and close the PR.

Author: ```suggestion
- Thank the contributor for their hard work, notify them on whether their change was prioritized or put to the side. If the change was put to the side, ask the contributor to file a [feature request](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/new?assignees=&labels=%3Aproduct&projects=&template=feature-request.md&title=) that describes the change, let them know that it only means the change has been rejected _at that time_, and close the PR.
```
